Syslog remove test module (#17574)
demisto/content: Packs/Syslog/ReleaseNotes/2_0_3.md

#### Integrations
##### Syslog v2
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

> - Fixed an issue were *incident_type* was not passed to **create_incident_from_syslog_message** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the incident type parameter was ignored and all incidents were created as *Unclassified*.
```
